[ZH/EN] Add Interface, update information in English article (#4586)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Interface/en.md

- `cs`: Circle Size
- `od`: Overall Difficulty
- `hp`: HP Drain Rate

> - `keys`: Number of keys (osu!mania maps and convered maps only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `keys`: Number of keys (osu!mania and converted beatmaps only)
```

> - `keys`: Number of keys (osu!mania and converted beatmaps only)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `keys`: Number of keys (converted osu!mania beatmaps only)
```
XK mod is only valid to converted mania maps

 A variety of things can appear in this space:

> - A "Not Submitted" box denotes a beatmap that has not been uploaded to the osu! site using the Beatmap Submission System or deleted by mapper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A "Not Submitted" box denotes a beatmap that has not been uploaded to the osu! site using the Beatmap Submission System or was deleted by the mapper.
```

The song list displays all available beatmaps. Different beatmaps may have different coloured boxes:

- **Pink**: This beatmap has not been played yet.

> - **Orange**: This beatmap has been played, or one of the beatmap in this mapset have been played.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Orange**: At least one beatmap from the beatmapset has been completed.
```

In this screen, you can apply modifications ("mods" for short) to gameplay. Some mods lower difficulty and apply a multiplier that lowers the score you achieve. Conversely, some mods increase the difficulty, but apply a multiplier that increases the score you achieve. Finally, some mods modify gameplay in a different way. [Relax](/wiki/Game_modifier/Relax) and [Auto Pilot](/wiki/Game_modifier/Autopilot) fall in that category.

> Place your mouse on a mod's icon to see a short description of its effect. Click on an icon to select or deselect that mod. Some mods, like Double Time, have multiple variations; click on the mod again to cycle through. The score multiplier value displays the combined effect the multipliers of the mod(s) of you have selected will have on your score. Click "Reset all mods" or press `1` to deselect all currently selected mods. Click `Close` or press `2` or `Esc` to return to the Song Selection Screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place your mouse on a mod's icon to see a short description of its effect. Click on an icon to select or deselect that mod. Some mods, like Double Time, have multiple variations; click on the mod again to cycle through. The score multiplier value displays the combined effect the multipliers of the mod(s) of you have selected will have on your score. Click `Reset all mods` or press `1` to deselect all currently selected mods. Click `Close` or press `2` or `Esc` to return to the Song Selection Screen.
```

Click the `Beatmap Options` button or press `F3` or right-click from mouse to call up the **Beatmap Options Menu for options on the currently selected beatmap**.

- Press `1` or click the `Manage Collections` button to bring up the Collections screen - here, you can manage pre-existing collections, as well as add or remove the currently selected beatmap or mapset to or from a collection.

> - Press `2` or click `Delete...` to delete the \[1\] currently selected mapset, \[2\] delete the currently selected beatmap, or \[3\] delete all VISIBLE beatmaps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Press `2` or click `Delete...` to delete the \[1\] currently selected beatmapset, \[2\] delete the currently selected beatmap, or \[3\] delete **all visible beatmaps**.
```

Author: I think visible needs to be capitalized like game.

>    2. `Accuracy`: Your [average accuracy](/wiki/Accuracy#accuracy) over all maps you have played.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   2. `Accuracy`: Your average [accuracy](/wiki/Accuracy#accuracy) over all maps you have played.
```

Author: This is what the old version looks like. I haven't changed it, but I will edit it

   3. `Max Combo`: The longest combo over all maps you have played.
   4. [`Ranked Score`](/wiki/Score#ranked-score): The number of points earned from all ranked maps that you have ever played, with every map being counted exactly once.

>    5. [`Total Score`](/wiki/Score#total-score): Same as ranked score, but it takes into account all beatmap that uploaded to osu!site (Except for not uploading or updating), underplayed and failed maps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   5. [`Total Score`](/wiki/Score#total-score): Same as ranked score, but it takes into account all beatmaps available on the osu! website, and also underplayed or failed beatmaps.
```
